TINY-9186: Fix reported memory leak when parsing content (#8185)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- New `color_default_foreground` and `color_default_background` options to set the initial default color for the `forecolor` and `backcolor` toolbar buttons and menu items. #TINY-9183

### Fixed

> - calling getContent method would cause a memory leak. #TINY-9186

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parsing media content would cause a memory leak, which for example occurred when using the `getContent` API. #TINY-9186
```
Maybe? Just to show it happening during parsing and only with media (e.g. videos). It also relates it to getting content 🤷
